Create aurora_abb_powerone.markdown (#9703)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_components/aurora_abb_powerone.markdown

The inverter was formerly made by PowerOne who got taken over by ABB.

The TCP/IP method of commuicating with inverters is supported by the 
python library, but not by this implementation of the homeassistant component.

The component provides a single sensor which reports the live power output
in watts.

Note the PV inverter will be unresponsive to communications when in darkness.

This is caught by the implementation which returns 'None' if there is no 
response.

## {% linkable_title Configuration %}

Add the following to your `configuration.yaml` file, replacing the text after 
rs485 with the serial port that your device is connected to.

```yaml
# Example configuration.yaml entry
sensor:
  - platform: aurora_abb_powerone
    rs485: '/dev/serial/by-id/usb-FTDI_FT232R_USB_UART_A50285BI-if00-port0'
```

{% configuration %}
rs485:
  description: The serial port your RS485 adaptor is connected to.
  required: true
  type: string
address:
  description: The address of the inverter - only need to set this if you have changed your inverter away from the default address of 2.
  required: false
  default: SolarEdge
  type: integer
{% endconfiguration %}

> ```yaml

Reviewer: Remove this example or add `address` variable, so you get a full example

Author: Address is optional. Default value is good for 99% of users.  Does it need to be in the example here?

Reviewer: I leave that choice to you. The first example, we only want required items. In the example at the bottom you could show a full config with the optional options included.

Author: Now fixed in the patch-1 PR.

---
layout: page
title: "Aurora ABB Powerone PV Inverter Sensor"
description: "Instructions on how to integrate an Aurora ABB Powerone solar inverter within Home Assistant."
date: 2019-06-27 23:30
sidebar: true
comments: false
sharing: true
footer: true

> logo: home-assistant.png

Reviewer: Please use the logo of aurora powerone

Author: Am I right that to add an image I need to clone then create a branch for the PR? So far this is created using the web UI.

Author: Done now.

Reviewer 2: @davet2001 I've unresolved this, since the `home-assistant.png` logo is still there.

Author: Sorry, I committed to the wrong branch.  Should be correct now. I'm quite new to github!

ha_category:
  - Sensor
  - Energy

> ha_release: 0.95.1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ha_release: 0.96
```

ha_iot_class: Local Polling
---

This implements a direct RS485 connection to a solar inverter in the 
PVI-3.0/3.6/4.2-TL-OUTD ABB series, and may work on others.
The inverter was formerly made by PowerOne who got taken over by ABB.

> The TCP/IP method of commuicating with inverters is supported by the 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The TCP/IP method of communicating with inverters is supported by the 
```

> python library, but not by this implementation of the homeassistant component.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Python library, but not by this implementation in this integration.
```

> The component provides a single sensor which reports the live power output

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This integration provides a single sensor which reports the live power output
```

in watts.

Note the PV inverter will be unresponsive to communications when in darkness.

> This is caught by the implementation which returns 'None' if there is no 

Reviewer 2: How the code/implementation works, is not relevant in this case. Most users don't know what `None` means.
Please change this or remove it.

Author: Updated in PR patch-1

response.

## {% linkable_title Configuration %}

> Add the following to your `configuration.yaml` file, replacing the text after 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Add the following to your `configuration.yaml` file:
```

Author: Updated in PR patch-1

> rs485 with the serial port that your device is connected to.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

Author: Updated in PR patch-1

```yaml
# Example configuration.yaml entry
sensor:
  - platform: aurora_abb_powerone

>     rs485: '/dev/serial/by-id/usb-FTDI_FT232R_USB_UART_A50285BI-if00-port0'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    rs485: 'SERIAL_PORT'
```
